feat: add support for kubernetes 1.33 (PSCLOUD-76) (#659)
sassoftware/viya4-deployment: docs/CONFIG-VARS.md

| INGRESS_NGINX_NAMESPACE | NGINX Ingress Helm installation namespace | string | ingress-nginx | false | | baseline |
| INGRESS_NGINX_CHART_URL | NGINX Ingress Helm chart URL | string | See [this document](https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx) for more information. | false | | baseline |
| INGRESS_NGINX_CHART_NAME | NGINX Ingress Helm chart name | string | ingress-nginx | false | | baseline |

> | INGRESS_NGINX_CHART_VERSION | NGINX Ingress Helm chart version | string | "" | false | If left as "" (empty string), version `4.13.0` is used for Kubernetes clusters whose version is >= 1.31.X, for Kubernetes clusters whose version is <= 1.33.X you must set this variable to avoid errors. See [Supported Versions table](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/?tab=readme-ov-file#supported-versions-table) for the supported versions list. | baseline |

Reviewer: Why does this change the previous behavior? I feel like everything after the `4.13.0` shouldn't change.

Reviewer 2: Given the support range for ingress-nginx 4.13, I'd expect the suggested values in the updated entry:
```suggestion
| INGRESS_NGINX_CHART_VERSION | NGINX Ingress Helm chart version | string | "" | false | If left as "" (empty string), version `4.13.0` is used for Kubernetes clusters whose version is >= 1.29.X, for Kubernetes clusters whose version is <= 1.28.X you must set this variable to avoid errors. See [Supported Versions table](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/?tab=readme-ov-file#supported-versions-table) for the supported versions list. | baseline |
```
since you'd want to use 4.13.0 for k8s 1.29 or newer clusters and you'd need the customer to specify which ingress-nginx version to use for anything at k8s 1.28 or older. Also, the intent is for no versions to exist between the last two >= and <= values in the sentence.

Make sure to include tests around the k8s boundary such as k8s 1.28 and 1.29 to make sure you get the expected behavior from DaC. If the changed values match my suggestion, then deploying to a k8s 1.28 cluster with an empty ingress-nginx value should result in an error asking for it to be set.

Reviewer 2: Given the support range for ingress-nginx 4.13, I'd expect the suggested values in the updated entry:
```suggestion
| INGRESS_NGINX_CHART_VERSION | NGINX Ingress Helm chart version | string | "" | false | If left as "" (empty string), version `4.13.0` is used for Kubernetes clusters whose version is >= 1.29.X, for Kubernetes clusters whose version is <= 1.28.X you must set this variable to avoid errors. See [Supported Versions table](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/?tab=readme-ov-file#supported-versions-table) for the supported versions list. | baseline |
```
since you'd want to use 4.13.0 for k8s 1.29 or newer clusters and you'd need the customer to specify which ingress-nginx version to use for anything at k8s 1.28 or older. Also, the intent is for no versions to exist between the last two >= and <= values in the sentence.

I'd also include tests around the k8s boundary such as k8s 1.28 and 1.29 to make sure you get the expected behavior. If the changed values match my suggestion, then deploying to a k8s 1.28 cluster with an empty ingress-nginx value should result in an error asking for it to be set.

Reviewer 2: Given the support range for ingress-nginx 4.13, I'd expect the suggested values in the updated entry:
```suggestion
| INGRESS_NGINX_CHART_VERSION | NGINX Ingress Helm chart version | string | "" | false | If left as "" (empty string), version `4.13.0` is used for Kubernetes clusters whose version is >= 1.29.X, for Kubernetes clusters whose version is <= 1.28.X you must set this variable to avoid errors. See [Supported Versions table](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/?tab=readme-ov-file#supported-versions-table) for the supported versions list. | baseline |
```
since you'd want to use 4.13.0 for k8s 1.29 or newer clusters and you'd need the customer to specify which ingress-nginx version to use for anything at k8s 1.28 or older. Also, the intent is for no versions to exist between the last two >= and <= values in the sentence.

Make sure to include tests around the k8s boundary such as k8s 1.28 and 1.29 to make sure you get the expected behavior from DaC. If the changed values match my suggestion, then deploying to a k8s 1.28 cluster with an empty ingress-nginx value should result in an error asking for it to be set.
